now won't you say we're gonna be here
for you said that I'd be back for our
graduation you should stand our mountain
house I thought you guys were selling I
just have to leave for a bit on Sundays
during open houses that's good to see
some new faces
you must be Logan everybody knows
everybody in these small towns huh
so sorry for what happened to your
husband I lost my husband a few years
back
Seth
it's like it moves in and never leaves
Sam searched the entire house there's no
one here we had an open house here a few
days ago maybe someone found a spare key
laying around her or maybe someone
stayed
probably just some kids trying to scare
the newcomers didn't feel like kids
who's that
hey hey something is clearly going on
hello is anyone there that's always nice
to know you have someone nearby the
quiet out here can get real loud
[Music]
you